skills/transcribe-audio/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: Transcribe Audio
description: Convert audio and video to text with timestamps via OpenAI Whisper
tags: [Tools]
source: yokebot
version: 1.0.0
author: YokeBot
requiredCredentials: [openai]
---

## Instructions

Use the `transcribe_audio` tool to convert audio or video files to text using OpenAI's Whisper API. Supports multiple languages and provides timestamps for segmentation.

Provide the audio file URL or base64 data. Results include timestamps for easy navigation.

## Tools

```tools
[
  {
    "name": "transcribe_audio",
    "description": "Transcribe audio/video to text via OpenAI Whisper.",
    "parameters": {
      "type": "object",
      "properties": {
        "audioUrl": { "type": "string", "description": "URL of the audio/video file to transcribe" },
        "language": { "type": "string", "description": "Language code (e.g., 'en', 'es', 'fr') or 'auto' for auto-detection (default: auto)" },
        "format": { "type": "string", "description": "Output format: 'text', 'srt', 'vtt', 'verbose' (default: verbose)" },
        "prompt": { "type": "string", "description": "Optional prompt to guide transcription (e.g., proper nouns, technical terms)" }
      },
      "required": ["audioUrl"]
    }
  }
]
```

Commit message:

Add knowledge base RAG system + @mentions in chat

skills/transcribe-audio/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: Transcribe Audio
description: Real-time speech-to-text via Voxtral Mini 4B Realtime — <500ms latency, 13 languages
tags: [Tools]
source: yokebot
version: 2.0.0
author: YokeBot
---

## Instructions

Use the `transcribe_audio` tool to convert audio or video files to text using Voxtral Mini 4B Realtime by Mistral AI. Supports 13 languages with real-time streaming capability and <500ms latency. Provides timestamps for segmentation.

Provide the audio file URL. Results include timestamps for easy navigation.

## Tools

```tools
[
  {
    "name": "transcribe_audio",
    "description": "Transcribe audio/video to text via OpenAI Whisper.",
    "parameters": {
      "type": "object",
      "properties": {
        "audioUrl": { "type": "string", "description": "URL of the audio/video file to transcribe" },
        "language": { "type": "string", "description": "Language code (e.g., 'en', 'es', 'fr') or 'auto' for auto-detection (default: auto)" },
        "format": { "type": "string", "description": "Output format: 'text', 'srt', 'vtt', 'verbose' (default: verbose)" },
        "prompt": { "type": "string", "description": "Optional prompt to guide transcription (e.g., proper nouns, technical terms)" }
      },
      "required": ["audioUrl"]
    }
  }
]
```
